README.md, before:

# bossMachine

This project is to create an entire API to serve information to a Boss Machine, a unique management application for today’s most accomplished (evil) entrepreneurs. I will create routes to manage ‘minions’, brilliant ‘million dollar ideas’, and to handle all the annoying meetings that keep getting added to their busy schedules.

This project is from Codecademy's backend development path.

Steps for running:
1. Navigate to the project directory in your code editor
2. Run "npm install" in your terminal to download the dependencies
3. Run "npm run start" or "nodemon server.js"
4. Open "index.html" in your web browser, preferably Google Chrome
5. Play around with the site, cancel all your meetings, manage your minions, and think of money-making schemes!

Project Status: 
Satisfactorily completed with all tests passing. 

I will come back to this if I need to practice modifying the front end, or if I want to practice tightening some of the logic. 

This project helped me flex my RESTful API muscles. I also got to practice building subroutes.

Commit message:

Include instructions for running test

README.md, after:

# bossMachine

This project is to create an entire API to serve information to a Boss Machine, a unique management application for today’s most accomplished (evil) entrepreneurs. I will create routes to manage ‘minions’, brilliant ‘million dollar ideas’, and to handle all the annoying meetings that keep getting added to their busy schedules.

This project is from Codecademy's backend development path.

Steps for running:
1. Navigate to the project directory in your code editor
2. Run "npm install" in your terminal to download the dependencies
3. Run "npm run start" or "nodemon server.js"
4. Open "index.html" in your web browser, preferably Google Chrome
5. Play around with the site, cancel all your meetings, manage your minions, and think of money-making schemes!
6. You can run tests by running "npm run test" in your terminal

Project Status: 
Satisfactorily completed with all tests passing. 

I will come back to this if I need to practice modifying the front end, or if I want to practice tightening some of the logic. 

This project helped me flex my RESTful API muscles. I also got to practice building subroutes.
